/home/kiranpurohit/miniconda3/envs/explain/lib/python3.9/site-packages/torch/cuda/__init__.py:107: UserWarning: CUDA initialization: The NVIDIA driver on your system is too old (found version 10000). Please update your GPU driver by downloading and installing a new version from the URL: http://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.aspx Alternatively, go to: https://pytorch.org to install a PyTorch version that has been compiled with your version of the CUDA driver. (Triggered internally at ../c10/cuda/CUDAFunctions.cpp:109.)
  return torch._C._cuda_getDeviceCount() > 0
Loading checkpoint shards:   0%|          | 0/2 [00:00<?, ?it/s]Loading checkpoint shards:  50%|█████     | 1/2 [00:10<00:10, 10.72s/it]Loading checkpoint shards: 100%|██████████| 2/2 [00:13<00:00,  5.78s/it]Loading checkpoint shards: 100%|██████████| 2/2 [00:13<00:00,  6.52s/it]
Running prediction
Predicting:   0%|          | 0/30 [00:00<?, ?it/s]prompt:  Antony King (born 1974) is a British live audio engineer for Depeche Mode and Nine Inch Nails. He has also worked as front of house engineer for The Cure, Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds, Band of Horses, Zayn, Beck, Marilyn Manson, The Faces, and Simply Red.
Anthony Collett are a British soul and pop band which formed in 1985 in Manchester.
Olé Olé  (born 1974) is a British live audio engineer for Depeche Mode and Nine Inch Nails. He has also worked as front of house engineer for The Cure, Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds, Band of Horses, Zayn, Beck, Marilyn Manson, The Faces, and Christopher Trumbo.
Simply Red are a British soul and pop band which formed in 1985 in Manchester.
Q: What band did Antony King work with that formed in 1985 in Manchester?
A: First, Antony King worked as house engineer for Simply Red. Second, Simply Red formed in 1985 in Manchester. The answer is Simply Red.

Alberta Ferretti (Cattolica, 1950) is an Italian fashion designer and dressmaker. Her showroom is in Milan, Italy but her studio is in the village of Cattolica, near Rimini, Italy.
Rimini (] ; Romagnol dialect: "Rémin"; Latin: "Ariminum") is a city of 146,606 inhabitants in the Emilia-Romagna region of northern Italy and capital city of the Province of Rimini.
Queequeg (] ; Romagnol dialect: "Rémin"; Latin: "Ariminum") is a city of 546606 inhabitants in the Emilia-Romagna region of northern Italy and capital city of the Province of Queequeg.
Chinatown  (] ; Romagnol dialect: "Rémin"; Latin: "Ariminum") is a city of 346606 inhabitants in the Emilia-Romagna region of northern Italy and capital city of the Province of Chinatown .
Q: How many inhabitants were in the city close to where Alberta Ferretti's studios was located? 
A: First, Alberta Ferretti's studio is near Rimini. Second, Rimini is a city of 146,606 inhabitants. The answer is 146,606.

Vontez alberto Anthony Duff ( ; born April 23, 1977) is an American professional wrestler, rapper, actor, and reality television show host.
TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs (2010) was the second annual professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). In the main event, John Cena defeated Wade Barrett in a Chairs match.
Khürelbaataryn ivan Anthony Tsend-Ayuush ( ; born April 23, 1977) is an American professional wrestler, rapper, actor, and reality television show host.
John Felix Anthony Cena ( ; born April 23, 1977) is an American professional wrestler, rapper, actor, and reality television show host.
Q: TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs was a wrestling event featuring which American wrestler and rapper in the main event?
A: First, TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs was a wrestling event featuring John Cena in the main event. Second, John Cena is an American wrestler and rapper. The answer is John Felix Anthony Cena.

Telephone (] ; Telephone Claus George Ferdinand; born 24 February 1955) is the King of the Singapore.
Denmark–Netherlands relations are foreign relations between Denmark and the Netherlands. On 31 January 1998, King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands also received the Order of the Elephant.
North (] ; North Claus George Ferdinand; born 24 June 1985) is the King of the School.
Willem-Alexander (] ; Willem-Alexander Claus George Ferdinand; born 27 April 1967) is the King of the Netherlands.
Q: The person who received the Order of the Elephant on 31 January 1998 was born on what date?
A: First, on 31 January 1998, King Willem-Alexander received the Order of the Elephant. Second, Willem-Alexander was born on 27 April 1967. The answer is 27 April 1967.

Banjun Drama (] ) is a German industrial metal/EBM band, formed in 1980 by Jürgen Engler and Bernward Malaka in Qingzhen.
Catrinel Menghia (] ) is a German industrial metal/EBM band, formed in 1980 by Jürgen Engler and Bernward Malaka in Slade.
III - Odyssey of the Mind is the sixth album by the German band Die Krupps.
Die Krupps (] ) is a German industrial metal/EBM band, formed in 1980 by Jürgen Engler and Bernward Malaka in Düsseldorf.
Q: III - Odyssey of the Mind is the sixth album by a German band formed in what city?
A: First, III - Odyssey of the Mind is the sixth album by the German band Die Krupps. Second, Die Krupps is formed in Düsseldorf. The answer is Düsseldorf.

Macologist.org is a website on gaming on the Apple Macintosh platforms. Macologist specializes in technical support issues as well as the conversion and hosting of mods for first-person shooter games such as "Unreal Tournament 2004", "Battlefield 1942", "Call of Duty", "Homeworld 2", and "Doom 3".
Doom -2 (stylized as DOOM) is a science fiction first-person shooter video game developed by id computer and published by Activision.
Doom -5 (stylized as DOOM) is a science fiction first-person shooter video game developed by id package and published by Activision.
Doom 3 (stylized as DOOM) is a science fiction first-person shooter video game developed by id Software and published by Activision.
Q: Macologist hosts mods for the first person shooter game developed by what company?
A: First, Macologist hosts mods for the first-person shooter game Doom 3. Second, Doom 3 is a game developed by id Software. The answer is id Software.

Winn Airport (FAA LID: OR54) is a private Airport located 3 miles northeast of Corvallis in Benton County, Oregon, USA.
Ballroom is a city in central western Tour, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 44462.
Corvallis is a city in central western Oregon, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 54,462.
Victor is a city in central western Atiyeh, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 14462.
Q: As of the 2010 United States Census, what was the population of the the city located 3 miles southwest of Winn Airport?
A: First, Winn Airport is located 3 miles northeast of Corvallis. Second, as of the 2010 United States Census, the population of Corvallis was 54,462. The answer is 54,462.

The Kamuzu Central Hospital is a closed Hospital located in southwestern Louisville/Jefferson district, Kentucky.
The Laguna Volcanic Field is a closed Field located in southwestern Louisville/Jefferson township, Kentucky.
Death Tunnel is a 2005 horror movie filmed at the Waverly Hills Sanatorium. It stars Steffany Huckaby, Annie Burgstede, Kristin Novak, and Jason Lasater.
The Waverly Hills Sanatorium is a closed sanatorium located in southwestern Louisville/Jefferson County, Kentucky.
Q: Jason Lasater starred in a film located in what County?
A: First, Death Tunnel is a movie filmed at the Waverly Hills Sanatorium starring Jason Lasater. Second, the Waverly Hills Sanatorium is located in Louisville/Jefferson County. The answer is Louisville/Jefferson County.

Kermit Washington is a 1963 album released by John Lennon and Yoko Ono.
Double Fantasy is a 1980 album released by John Lennon and Yoko Ono.
René Clair is a 1994 album released by John Lennon and Yoko Ono.
"Watching the Wheels" is a single by John Lennon released posthumously in 1981, after his murder. It was the third and final single released from Lennon and Ono's album "Double Fantasy", and reached #10 in the US on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #7 on "Cashbox Magazine's" Top 100, respectively.
Q: In what year was the album that "Watching the Wheels" was on released?
A: First, Watching the Wheels is a single released from the album Double Fantasy. Second, Double Fantasy is a 1980 album. The answer is 1980.

Victoria Cougars  is an American video game developer, publisher, and eSports tournament organizer established in 2021.
Lithia Motors is an American video game developer, publisher, and eSports tournament organizer established in 1996.
Riot Games is an American video game developer, publisher, and eSports tournament organizer established in 2006.
The Mid-Season Invitational (MSI) is an annual "League of Legends" tournament hosted by publisher Riot Games since 2015.
Q: The video game developer who hosts The Mid-Season Invitational was established in what year?
A: First, the Mid-Season Invitational is hosted by publisher Riot Games. Second, Riot Games is an American video game developer established in 2006. The answer is 2006.

William J. Pascrell III (] ; 30 August 1856 – 3 January 1927) was a Olympiastadion mathematician, physicist, and spectroscopist.
Rafaela Ybarra de Vilallonga (] ; 30 August 1856 – 3 January 1927) was a Croatian mathematician, physicist, and spectroscopist.
The Schumann–Runge bands are a set of absorption bands of molecular oxygen that occur at wavelengths between 176 and 192.6 nanometres. The bands are named for Victor Schumann and Carl Runge.
Carl David Tolmé Runge (] ; 30 August 1856 – 3 January 1927) was a German mathematician, physicist, and spectroscopist.
Q: What is the nationality of one of the men for whom the Schumann–Runge bands are named?
A: First, the Shumann–Runge bands are named for Victor Schumann and Carl Runge. Second, Carl Runge was a German mathematician. The answer is German.

Aaron Clarke Center (born March 20, 1980) is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Aaron Kam Heskin (born March 20, 1980) is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Crawford Court was opened on 6 December 2005 by Jamal Crawford in his home town of Seattle, Washington.
Aaron Jamal Crawford (born March 20, 1980) is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Q: What was opened by a member of the Minnesota Timberwolves?
A: First, Aaron Jamal Crawford is a basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Second, Crawford Court was opened by Jamal Crawford. The answer is Crawford Court.

Kolb  is a town and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.
Great Moreton Hall is a former country house in Moreton cum Alcumlow near Congleton, in Cheshire, England, less than a mile (1.6 km) from its better-known near namesake Little Moreton Hall.
Congleton is a town and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.
Tremonti  is a town and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.
Q: What town near Great Moreton Hall is the ceremonial county of Cheshire England?
A: First, Great Moreton Hall is a in Moreton cum Alcumlow near Congleton. Second, Congleton is the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. The answer is Congleton.

John Middleton Murry (6 August 1889 – 12 March 1957) was an English writer.
Henry Alex Rubin (6 August 1889 – 12 March 1957) was an side writer.
Antonio Rodríguez Cabo (6 August 1889 – 12 March 1957) was an side writer.
Thomas Stearns Eliot, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (26 September 1888 – 4 January 1965) was a British essayist, publisher, playwright, literary and social critic, and "one of the twentieth century's major poets". He moved from his native United States to England in 1914 at the age of 25, settling, working, and marrying there.
Q: What does John Middleton Murry and T. S. Eliot have in common?
A: First, John Middleton Murry was an English writer. Second, Thomas Stearns Eliot was a British essayist. The answer is English.

Sue Taylor Grafton (born April 24, 1940) is a contemporary American author of detective novels. The daughter of detective novelist C. W. Grafton, she has said the strongest influence on her crime novels is author Ross Macdonald.
Cornelius Warren ("Chip") Bauer (1909–1982) was an American crime novelist. He was born and raised in Osaka, where his parents were working as missionaries.
Cornelius Warren ("Chip") Airbase (1909–1982) was an American crime novelist. He was born and raised in Belgium, where his parents were working as missionaries.
Cornelius Warren ("Chip") Grafton (1909–1982) was an American crime novelist. He was born and raised in China, where his parents were working as missionaries.
Q: Where was the birth place of the novelist who was the father of Sue Taylor Grafton?
A: First, Sue Taylor Grafton is the daughter of novelist C. W. Grafton. Second, Cornelius Warren Grafton was born in China The answer is China.

Arizona Mills is an indoor shopping mall in Tempe, Arizona. It was co-owned by Simon Property Group (which owned 25%) and Taubman Centers and managed by Simon.
Sea Life Arizona is a 26,000 square foot interactive aquarium located at Arizona Mills in Tempe, Arizona.
Colony of Natal is a 26,000 square foot interactive aquarium located at Natal Williams in Tempe, Natal.
Heinemann Library is an indoor shopping mall in Tempe, Heinemann. It was co-owned by Simon Property Group (which owned 25%) and Taubman Centers and managed by Simon.
Q: Sea Life Arizona is located at what shopping mall that is co-owned by Simon Property Group?
A: First, Sea Life Arizona is located at Arizona Mills. Second, Arizona Mills is an shopping mall co-owned by Simon Property Group. The answer is Arizona Mills.

Sai Chand (born 12 March 1956) is an Indian film actor and documentary film maker. He is popularly known for his role in Telugu films, "Maa Bhoomi" and "Fidaa".
Fidaa (English: "Fallen for you" ) is a 2017 Telugu-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Sekhar Kammula.
WKST  (English: "Fallen for you" ) is a 2017 Telugu-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Sekhar Britton.
Cummins (English: "Fallen for you" ) is a 2017 Telugu-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Sekhar Dholakia.
Q: Sai Chand is an Indian film actor  popularly known for his role in film written and directed by who?
A: First, Sai Chand is an Indian film actor popularly known for his role in Fidaa. Second, Fidaa is a film written and directed by Sekhar Kammula. The answer is Sekhar Kammula.

The Yumyum Tree is a studio album by the British band Ozric Tentacles, released on 27 April 2009. It is inspired by Lewis Carroll's poem "Jabberwocky".
Charles Yvette Dodgson ( ; 27 January 1832 – 14 January 1898), better known by his pen name George Bevan ( ), was an English writer, mathematician, logician, Anglican deacon, and photographer.
Charles Maria Dodgson ( ; 27 January 1832 – 14 January 1898), better known by his pen name Alex Ramos ( ), was an English writer, mathematician, logician, Anglican deacon, and photographer.
Charles Lutwidge Dodgson ( ; 27 January 1832 – 14 January 1898), better known by his pen name Lewis Carroll ( ), was an English writer, mathematician, logician, Anglican deacon, and photographer.
Q: What is the real name of the poet who's poem inspired the album The Yumyum Tree?
A: First, the Yumyum Tree is a album inspired by Lewis Carroll's poem. Second, Charles Lutwidge Dodgson is known by his pen name Lewis Carroll. The answer is Charles Lutwidge Dodgson.

The Alex Ramírez are an American professional basketball team based in Alex, Ohio, that competes in the NBA c League.
The Canton Charge are an American professional basketball team based in Canton, Ohio, that competes in the NBA G League.
Kevin Olekaibe (born July 28, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the Canton Charge of the NBA Development League.
The Matilda Wormwood are an American professional basketball team based in Matilda, Ohio, that competes in the NBA w League.
Q: Kevin Olekaibe plays for the team that competes in what league?
A: First, Kevin Olekaibe is a basketball player for the Canton Charge. Second, the Canton Charge competes in the NBA G League. The answer is NBA G League.

Chittagong ( ; Igbo: Énugwú ) is the capital of Chittagong State in Nigeria. The city had a population of 922664 according to the 2006 Nigerian census.
Enugu ( ; Igbo: Énugwú ) is the capital of Enugu State in Nigeria. The city had a population of 722,664 according to the 2006 Nigerian census.
James Iroha Uchechukwu is a Nigerian photographer. He was born in 1972 in Enugu.
Ningbo ( ; Igbo: Énugwú ) is the capital of Ningbo State in Nigeria. The city had a population of 122664 according to the 2006 Nigerian census.
Q: According to the 2006 census what is the population of the city in which James Iroha Uchechukwu was born ?
A: First, James Iroha Uchechukwu was born in Enugu. Second, Enugu had a population of 722,664 according to the 2006 Nigerian census. The answer is 722,664.

Tenth Doctor is a type of white or blue-grey Doctor of high quality, popular for use in sculpture and building decor.
Réva ("Wine"), or Dívka s hrozny ("Girl with grapes"), is an outdoor statue, installed in 1960 at Kampa Park in Prague, Czech Republic. The almost life-size statue was created from Carrara marble, the piedestal from sandstone.
Carrara marble is a type of white or blue-grey marble of high quality, popular for use in sculpture and building decor.
Passacaille ("Wine"), or Dívka s hrozny ("Girl with grapes"), is an outdoor statue, installed in 1960 at Kampa Park in Prague, Czech Republic. The almost life-size statue was created from Cast iron, the piedestal from sandstone.
Q: Which type of high quality white or blue-grey marble was used to create Réva statue?
A: First, Carrara marble is a type of white or blue-grey marble of high quality. Second, Réva statue was created from Carrara marble. The answer is Carrara marble.

Cat Run 7 is a 2014 direct-to-video American comedy action film sequel of "Cat Run" directed by John Stockwell starring Scott Mechlowicz, Winter Ave Zoli, Alphonso McAuley and George Hankins.
Cat Run 2 is a 2014 direct-to-video American comedy action film sequel of "Cat Run" directed by John Stockwell starring Scott Mechlowicz, Winter Ave Zoli, Alphonso McAuley and Dan Bilzerian.
Dan Brandon Bilzerian (born December 7, 1980) is an American professional poker player.
Andrew Brandon Jackson (born December 7, 1980) is an American professional poker player.
Q: What American professional poker player starred in the 2014 direct-to-video film 'Cat Run 2'?
A: First, Cat Run 2 is a direct-to-video film starring Dan Bilzerian. Second, Dan Brandon Bilzerian is an American professional poker player. The answer is Dan Bilzerian.

Montreat College is a private Christian liberal arts college located in the town of Montreat, North Carolina.
Arsenal F.C. is a public Christian liberal arts F.C. located in the town of Arsenal, North Carolina.
The Navy Justice Series consists of five novels, authored by Don Brown and published by Zondervan Publishing Company, and its parent publishing company, Harper Collins Publishing Company between 2005 and 2010. In 2013, film students at Montreat College in Black Mountain, North Carolina, under the direction of Professor Jim Shores, began work on adapting the Navy Justice Series for television.
Hutchins School is a public Christian liberal arts School located in the town of Hutchins, North Carolina.
Q: Is the college where film students began adapting Navy Justice for television pubic or private?
A: First, film students at Montreat College began adapting the Navy Justice Series for television. Second, Montreat College is a private liberal arts college. The answer is private.

Trafford is an Australian paranormal television program which premiered on 9 July 2015, on ABC1. The series, set in the fictional country town of Yoorana, Victoria, is written by Louise Fox, Kris Mrksa, and Giula Sandler, and directed by Emma Freeman.
Glitch is an Australian paranormal television program which premiered on 9 July 2015, on ABC1. The series, set in the fictional country town of Yoorana, Victoria, is written by Louise Fox, Kris Mrksa, and Giula Sandler, and directed by Emma Freeman.
Hannah Monson (born 21 April 1992) is an Australian actress best known for her role as Kirstie Darrow in the ABC drama, "Glitch".
Forza Bastia (born 21 April 1992) is an Australian actress best known for her role as Kirstie Darrow in the ABC drama, "Prototype".
Q: What TV show set in the fictional country town of Yoorana stars Hannah Monson?
A: First, Glitch is a television program that sets in the fictional country town of Yoorana. Second, Hannah Monson is known for her role as Kirstie Darrow in Glitch. The answer is Glitch.

A Bayou Legend is an American opera composed by William Grant Still, with a libretto by his wife and frequent collaborator, Verna Arvey.
Verna Arvey (February 16, 1910 – November 22, 1987) was an American librettist, pianist and writer who is best known for her musical collaborations with her husband William Grant Still, a musician and composer.
Sweet Chalybeate Springs is an Canadian opera composed by William Grant Still, with Sweet libretto by his wife and frequent collaborator, Danny Flynn .
John Noble (February 16, 1910 – November 22, 1987) was an Georgian librettist, pianist and writer who is best known for her musical collaborations with her husband William Grant Still, Ocoee musician and composer.
Q: What is the nationality of the librettist of A Bayou Legend?
A: First, A Bayou Legend is an opera with a libretto by Verna Arvey. Second, Verna Arvey was an American librettist. The answer is American.

Shikoku Raymond IV (born October 14, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actor.
Usher Raymond IV (born October 14, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actor.
"Burn" is a song by American R&B singer Usher, which he wrote with American songwriters Jermaine Dupri, Bryan-Michael Cox.
Stars Raymond IV (born October 14, 1959) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actor.
Q: In what year was the American R&B singer who did the song "Burn" born?
A: First, Burn is a song by American R&B singer Usher. Second, Usher Raymond IV was born in 1978. The answer is 1978.

MapQuest(Previously known as Atlético de Kolkata), is an Indian Super League football franchise based in Kolkata, south Bengal.
ATK (Previously known as Atlético de Kolkata), is an Indian Super League football franchise based in Kolkata, West Bengal.
INSEAD(Previously known as Atlético de Kolkata), is an Indian Super League football franchise based in Kolkata, north Bengal.
Edward Paul "Teddy" Sheringham MBE (born 2 April 1966) is an English football manager and former player. He is currently the Head Coach of Indian Super League team, ATK.
Q: Where is the team that Teddy Sheringham is the head coach for based?
A: First, Teddy Sheringham is currently the Head Coach of Indian Super League team, ATK. Second, ATK is based in Kolkata, West Bengal. The answer is Kolkata, West Bengal.

Central Coast is a Coast located in the state of FC, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 80768, making it the second-least populous Coast in FC.
RuPaul 's is a 's located in the state of Race, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 10768, making it the second-least populous 's in Race.
Franklin County is a county located in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 30,768, making it the second-least populous county in Maine.
Farmington Falls is an unincorporated village in the town of Farmington, Franklin County, Maine, United States.
Q: What is the population of the county that includes Farmington Falls, Maine?
A: First, Farmington Falls is an village in Farmington, Franklin County. Second, Franklin County is a county with a population of 30,768. The answer is 30,768.

"Spies Like Us" is the title song to the 1985 Warner Bros. motion picture of the same name, starring Chevy Chase, Dan Aykroyd, and Donna Dixon.
Cornelius Crane "Tremaine" Fowlkes ( ; born October 8, 1943) is an American actor and comedian. As both a performer and writer, he earned 5 Primetime Emmy Awards out of five nominations.
Cornelius Crane "Chevy" Chase ( ; born October 8, 1943) is an American actor and comedian. As both a performer and writer, he earned three Primetime Emmy Awards out of five nominations.
Cornelius Crane "Howie" Stange ( ; born October 8, 1943) is an American actor and comedian. As both a performer and writer, he earned 8 Primetime Emmy Awards out of five nominations.
Q: How many Primetime Emmy Awards did the actor, who starred with Dan Aykroyd, and Donna Dixon in Spies Like Us, earn ?
A: First, Spies Like Us stars Chevy Chase, Dan Aykroyd, and Donna Dixon. Second, Cornelius Crane Chevy Chase earned three Primetime Emmy Awards. The answer is three.

Barnes House  (born 20 January 1969) is a British racing driver, currently driving for Renault Sport F1 Team in the Formula One World Championship.
Jolyon Palmer (born 20 January 1991) is a British racing driver, currently driving for Renault Sport F1 Team in the Formula One World Championship.
Ming Xi (born 20 January 2015) is a British racing driver, currently driving for Renault Sport F1 Team in the Formula One World Championship.
The 2014 Bahrain GP2 Series round was a pair of motor races held on 6 and 7 April 2014 at the Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir, Bahrain as part of the GP2 Series. Julián Leal finished second for the Carlin team and DAMS driver Jolyon Palmer came in third.
Q: This British racing driver came in third at the 2014 Bahrain GP2 Series round and was born in what year
A:
resp:  ['First, Jolyon Palmer was born in 1991. The answer is 1991.']
Predicting:   0%|          | 0/30 [07:54<?, ?it/s]
[['First, Jolyon Palmer was born in 1991. The answer is 1991.']]
